This time I'll see how he still moves with me
Very good, we will use this plan
And make it before An Tong
Make everyone think
It was An Tong who copied our plan.
At that time, even if he is a wanderer, he can't tell
Humph
You did a great job.
Not a wife, listen to me
Just give me another chance and I won't
You've been cheating on other women
Why are you still pestering him?
Didn't you see that Sister Tong didn't want to talk to you at all?
An Tong
You're really close to him, aren't you?
You tell him everything
Since you dare to do it
Don't be afraid of others saying
An Tong
Do you really want a divorce?
I should ask you that.
I gave you a chance to choose
You haven't chosen yet.
Since you want to be with him
Stop pestering me
Brother Xiaoyu